- [indistinct female voice]
- [radio chatter]
[female newscaster] Have you
heard this crazy story?
[male newscaster] Up next.
APR is under fire today...
- [male newscaster 1] APR is...
- [male newscaster 2] APR...
[male newscaster 3]
APR is under fire today
for a recent interview
that went disturbingly south.
[male newscaster 4]
...disturbingly south.
[deep music]
[Allen] Hey, Mark.
Long time no see.
Hi Allen.
[Allen] How's
new found fame been for you?
You know, I was just talking
to my producer, Kim, here
about how your episode
was our most downloaded to date.
Oh, yeah... it...
Things have been
strange, I guess.
Cool, man.
Hey, hold on a second.
And we will start
this live stream shortly.
Okay.
Hey, does he seem off to you?
- What do you mean?
- [Kim] I don't know.
He just seems weirder from the
last time we interviewed him.
Show's called
U.S. Sane, Kim,
everyone we interview
is a little off.
Remember, that's the point.
[podcast announcer]
This is U.S. Sane.
Hello, all
you crazies out there.
Allen here.
This is a special
live edition of U.S. Sane.
We're steering away
from our normal podcast format
to bring you this
special live update episode.
You all remember my friend, Mark
from our Halloween episode
titled, "Follower."
Please stop now if you
haven't checked it out yet,
it's definitely
our spookiest episode to date.
Yeah.
[Allen] So, Mark,
you emailed us stating you
have an update to your story?
I do, Allen.
First, briefly remind
our listeners about your story.
Well. [grunting softly]
Allen, I...
A few years ago,
I started noticing this
shadowy figure
that followed me around.
Yeah, yeah, and I...
I think what we all found
the creepiest about it,
about the whole thing,
is that this so-called follower
actually appeared
in some of your photos.
I... You know,
I think I actually have one.
[Mark]
I really want to, uh,
I really want to thank you
for all of your help.
Ever since you interviewed me...
I've received countless
emails from people...
[exhales heavily]
...just giving me
their theories and...
just comforting me with kind
words of encouragement.
That's great.
That's great to hear, Mark.
So, you have an update for us?
Yeah.
I do, Allen. [laughs]
A week ago, I...
actually... [nervous laugh]
...finally found
this follower,
and I... I currently have him
trapped in my basement.
Excuse me, what?
Would you like to see him?
Uh, hold on a second, Mark.
You did what?
Here, here, just...
Let me show you.
[deep music]
[deep music continues]
[female voice]
Mark? Hello?
- Can anybody hear me?
- Uh, Mark? Mark, Mark!
- Let's uh...
- [female voice] Mark!
[Allen] Let's...
[Mark]
I finally confronted him.
Like they told me to.
- Who... Who told you?
- [woman shouting indistinctly]
[Mark] Our fans.
[woman shouting]
Can anybody hear me?
I need you
to listen to me, Mark.
Everything's going to be okay.
Whoever you have
is not...
the follower.
[woman] We can help you.
I'm just done.
[woman] Hello? Mark?
Mark, why are you doing this?
Mark, please let me out.
[breathes heavily]
I finally got what I wanted.
Listen, Mark...
I've already called
the police on myself.
I... I know...
[whimpering] I...
I know that...
I have to be
the one to stop this.
- [woman continuing to cry out]
- [Allen] Mark.
Please stop.
Don't...
Uh, don't do anything stupid!
This story
needs the ending it deserves.
- [Allen] Mark!
- [officer] Police, open up!
Stop this!
- [officer] Come out, now!
- [Allen] Mark?
Come back.
- Come back.
- [officer] Open up!
[Allen] Stop this.
Mark?
Shit!
[officer] He's got a gun!
- [Allen] Come back, come back.
- [officer] Put the gun down.
- [Allen] Mark, Mark, stop this.
[Allen] Hello, everyone,
and welcome back
to U.S. Sane,
on American Public Radio,
the show where we interview...
strange people
doing grand things.
I'm your host, Allen Wolfe.
Everyone who works with me
knows I keep
a box in my office...
full of letters
from potential guests
asking if they can
be on the show.
Usually,
I get about a hundred a week.
I get a... I get an email,
I print it out,
and I put it in the box.
Mark's letter
sat in that box for...
months before I decided
to interview him.
I never should have interviewed
Mark the first time,
let alone a second.
I ignored my gut
telling me not to
for the sake of entertainment.
I failed you, listeners.
How bad is this?
I mean, how much should
I expect to get sued for?
Did you even mean anything
that you said earlier
about failing the listeners?
Mr. Franklin
would like to see you.
[female newscaster] In an
effort to distance themselves
from U.S. Sane's
reckless interview style,
APR has already
parted ways with Allen Wolfe.
[female newscaster 2]
American Public Radio
released
a statement saying, quote,
"As we continue with our
internal investigation
regarding Mr. Wolfe's
reckless actions,
our thoughts and prayers
go out to Mr. Bowers' family.
Here at APR, no one's life
should ever be put
in harm's way for an interview.
[female newscaster 1]
Police are still investigating
how exactly
this event transpired.
[male newscaster 1]
Bowers could be seen
on the live stream
talking about having someone
locked in his basement.
[male newscaster 2] At first,
some thought this was a hoax.
[female newscaster 1] However,
it quickly became clear
that this was real.
[emotional music]
♪
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[crickets chirping]
[Kim]
Is everything okay?
Oh, yeah.
As good as things can be.
Do you want to...
talk about it?
[Allen sobbing]
Aw, it's okay.
- It's okay.
- [Allen sobbing]
- [sobbing continuing]
- Oh, Jesus.
I guess that's one place
you can keep your awards.
I may move them
to the shallow end.
Who knows?
- Thought you might want this.
- I don't, thanks.
I don't want
anything to do with this.
Okay.
You're going to make it
to the end of this.
It isn't going
to be a smooth ride,
but you will, and when you do,
you're going to need
a redeeming story.
And maybe,
just maybe, your redemption
is in that box.
Okay, we have a P.O. box.
[Allen] Ooh.
Mine is from some lady,
named Josie.
Claims her birdfeeder
is haunted by...
Oh, my God.
Allen.
Listen to this.
"Dear Mr. Wolfe.
My name is Don Thomas.
Before my wife Jean died,
she would listen
to your program every week.
She was a huge fan.
[Kim exhaling]
I, on the other hand,
find you annoying."
Great.
That's great, Kim, trash it.
"With that said,
I think I have something
living in the woods
near my house that might
pique your interest.
What I'm asking you
to help me with is dangerous.
So I've attached a check
for $25,000...
Holy shit.
There it is. Okay.
[chuckling]
"In the woods
near my house lives a beast
with a thousand eyes.
If you meet me
at my P.O. Box,
I will take you
to the beast and kill it.
A hell of a story awaits
for you if you accept my offer.
I'll sign the check
if you accept it.
- Are you in?
- [Allen scoffs]
Jean would have wanted this.
P.S.
I'll be at the post office
in Hobart, Oklahoma
every Wednesday.
If you show up,
I'll pick you up.
I have no phone,
so it has to be this way.
I can't promise you that
I won't have killed the beast
by the time
you answer either."
Signed, D.T.
[scoffs]
What do you think?
First of all,
a monster sounds like
fairy tale fantasy bullshit.
You're not seeing
the real story here.
Which is?
That you would be interviewing
a recently widowed man
who's making his dead wife's
dying wish a reality,
which is to hang out
with Allen Wolfe.
- [laughs]
- Her favorite host.
The recently fired,
internationally acclaimed
podcast host,
all while monster hunting!
When you say it like that,
it sounds decently poetic.
Listen, it's your call.
You can also just
sit here and do nothing.
Perfect chance to have
a kick ass comeback story.
APR'll be begging
to have you back.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Really?
Yeah, it's the perfect way
to get my mind off
a potential lawsuit with APR.
[Allen scoffing]
Hobart, Oklahoma?
Here we come.
[Kim chuckling]
[laughs]
[ambient music]
[ambient music continues]
♪
As I sit here...
waiting to see
if this Don Thomas does show,
or even exist I question...
"What am I doing here?"
[ambient music]
[exhaling]
[trilling lips]
[deep breathing]
Yes, his letter said
to be at this
post office on Wednesday.
And yes,
it is in fact, Wednesday.
However,
as I sit here, it hits me.
Just how naïve am I
to believe that...
- Yes?
- Check.
Check what?
It's... it's fine.
I... I don't actually...
Follow me in my green truck.
What green truck?
- [Kim] How'd it go?
- Hey, so I met our guy.
[Kim]
Awesome. How is he?
He's not the friendliest.
[Kim through static]
I'm sorry. What?
You're breaking up a little bit.
- He's not the friendliest.
- [Kim] Wha...
In fact,
if I end up disappearing,
well, it was probably him.
[Kim] Allen,
I can't hear anything.
[line beeping]
Cool.
Into no man's land.
[indicator ticking]
Everything good?
Grab your stuff.
This is where you come with me.
Your car'll be fine parked here.
Where are we?
Here, put this blindfold on
and get in the back of my truck.
What?
I can't let you see
where I live.
I... I'm going to need
more information than that.
I don't owe you anything.
I didn't force you to come here.
I offered you my story
and you accepted.
Now you're here.
You'll do as I say.
No. [scoffs]
I'm sorry, I'm not
going with you blindfolded.
You're wasting my time!
Wait.
Look, I don't like you.
I hate your show.
I find you...
smug, and I don't believe
any of that empathy
you shit out on the air.
Other people do, but I don't.
I see right through your act.
My act?
You're an entertainer,
and that's it.
All you care about
is telling stories
and getting more people
to listen to you.
Forget this.
I didn't drive to the middle
of nowhere to get attacked.
Yeah, good! Leave!
My story's
too good for you anyway.
Okay.
You really think
you have me figured out?
Let me explain this
so you can understand.
'Course I do
what I do for views.
I would be a legit
crazy person if I made a show
no one wanted to listen to.
You think I got where I am
by not caring
about my listeners?
I have my show
because I care about...
Had.
Excuse me?
You had your show.
Last I saw, you don't anymore.
So, yeah, I don't like you,
but my wife really did.
Because of that, and only that,
I think it's fitting that you
be the one to tell my story.
So I am not here
to be your friend
or to hold your hand.
If I can get my wife's
favorite show back,
that's what I'm going to do.
And I believe
that my story can do that.
It's up to you.
[Don grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
I'm currently
in the back of this truck.
Blindfolded.
Not a clue where I'm going.
♪
Anything for
a good story, right?
♪
Ah, I just hope
I haven't made a mistake.
♪
[Don] Okay.
Why do you have a P.O. Box
if you have a mailbox?
Why would I want people
to know where I live?
Grab your shit and follow me.
I'll show you
where you'll be sleeping.
To your left.
Make yourself comfortable.
Here's a towel.
Cool.
I know it ain't much...
but it'll do.
Let me know
when you get settled.
I'll show you around.
You hungry?
I'm good.
Thought you said in your letter
you don't have a phone.
I don't.
That one's hooked
directly to the shed.
Jean used to use it
to let me know
when supper was ready.
I'm just going to point out
the elephant in the room.
Why is this house empty?
I decided to downsize
after Jean died.
I don't like clutter.
I mean, there has
to be a limit to...
- You like the Twilight Zone?
- Like the show?
My uncle was a set decorator
on the Twilight Zone.
He gave me this
when I was much younger.
It was prop in a famous episode.
What episode?
Does that matter?
I just thought
it was interesting.
Cool.
Let's get going, shall we?
Ah, don't touch that switch.
You got it?
Okay.
[sighs]
[Don] Two things
we need to get straight.
First, no cell phones.
Why?
I don't want you knowing
my location, that's why.
I don't get service out here.
[grumbles]
This is stupid,
I couldn't get maps out...
- The quicker that you...
- Fine.
I'll give it
back to you before you leave.
I assume
you planned on giving it back.
The second thing
you need to know
is that this entire place...
is booby trapped.
So, now you got the basics.
Hold on, booby trapped?
Like, homemade bombs and shit?
Some of 'em, yes.
Are you telling me this...
This place contains
random things that could
kill me?
How is that the second most
important thing to tell me?
Just don't flip
that switch inside,
and you'll be fine.
Keep in mind that if it is red,
you could be dead.
Just stay with me.
You'll be fine.
Oh, and here.
If the shit hits the fan,
I wrote up a set of guidelines
for you to follow.
- Follow?
- Yeah.
So, you don't get
blown up and shit.
D... don't worry about it.
I'll show you
where most of them are.
The ones I remember anyway.
There are ones you forgot about?
Ugh, damn stray cats
keep knocking my shit over.
[Don grumbling]
[chime sounding]
This is where I build
all my traps.
Can you elaborate on the traps?
Elaborate how?
I don't know.
Why are there traps?
There's a giant beast
that lives in the woods.
My plan is
to lure it to my house,
trap it and kill it.
[Don grunting]
Is this a trap?
No.
Why would you think that?
I don't know,
I mean... It looks...
What is wrong with you?
[Don mumbling absentmindedly]
[mysterious music]
You know,
for a guy
who doesn't like clutter,
this place says differently.
One thing you'll find out
about me, Allen,
everything I have around me
at any particular moment
is there
for a very specific purpose.
[sparks crackling]
So, Don,
you promised in your letter
I was going to see
the monster you were hunting.
Well, yeah...
I ain't no artist.
But I sketched this...
the last time I saw
Eye.
- Eye?
- That's what I call her.
[sighs]
I remember
the first time I saw her.
She was...
beautiful...
in some way I...
can't really describe.
[screaming]
I can't wait to kill her.
Man,
I think it's funny
you wrote your letter to me
on a greeting card.
Why is that funny?
You're an interesting guy,
Don, but...
[coughs]
...I don't take you
for the greeting card type.
They were Jean's.
She had
a bunch of 'em left over.
She was
the kind of person that cared
when nobody else did.
I'm just trying
to get rid of them.
Huh.
Everybody needs a plan B.
That thing doesn't look like
it's been fired in years.
Trust me.
She's old,
but she'll still
get the job done.
Oh, hey, before I forget.
[Don grunting]
What is it?
No, no.
It's bait.
It's got a bell
on the other end.
There's two kinds of people
in this world, Allen.
Those that wait
and those that can't anymore.
[Don grunting]
This beast took my cattle,
I am done
waiting on this fucker.
Monster took my livestock,
cancer took my wife.
[grunting]
You do the math,
I've got nothing left to lose.
- [Don grunts]
- What is that?
It is time to do
some monster huntin'.
Monster hunting?
What does that entail?
This thing starts beeping,
you just follow me?
Follow you?
What would you be doing
if that starts beeping?
Running like hell
back to the house.
So I saw you had a horse.
Do you ride?
My family had horses
in Agoura Hills growing up.
Horse ain't mine.
It just showed up one day
and wouldn't leave.
I decided
to build a fence around it
so it wouldn't get hit
by a car or truck.
I don't give
two shits about that horse.
Gotcha.
So what's the plan here, Don?
- 'Cause right now...
- You know what, Allen?
You talk too much.
Let's try not for a while.
You do realize I'm interviewing
you for a podcast, right?
I don't care how you choose
to tell the story.
[birds chirping]
[crickets chirping]
[grunts]
No luck today.
I'm going to bed.
What?
[Don grunts]
[Allen sighing]
I'm here now...
on the farm.
Alone.
Don...
Don called it a day and...
he's asleep now.
He's very...
There's something
about him, I can't...
I can't tell if he's lying...
to me, he's lying to himself,
if he believes all of this.
It's so weird.
It's creepy in here.
All the walls are empty.
He claims it's booby trapped.
[sighing] Well,
there's not really
anything more to do here.
So...
calling it a night.
Day one on the farm.
[TV characters] Mildred, dear.
You're not well.
Now, take your medicine
like Dr. Hellinger prescribed.
Oh, Nick.
You talk and you talk,
but you're just like
the rest of them.
I don't have
to listen to you, Mick.
You know why?
'Cause you're a... you're a...
Well, you're a moth!
[screaming]
[announcer]
Stay where you are.
You're watching Mildred Moss.
Only on...
[crickets chirping]
[exhaling]
- [crickets chirping]
- [instrumental music]
[instrumental music]
Hey.
♪
[mysterious music]
Don?
♪
[crickets chirping]
[suspenseful music]
[birds chirping]
[groaning]
[yawning]
[mysterious music]
Morning, Don.
The horse is gone.
[Don] Yeah. I saw.
Well, I guess it's good
you didn't get attached, huh?
Hey, is there any...
[emotional music]
Today's going to be
the day, Allen.
I can feel it.
♪
[Allen] As I sit here...
in silence.
I look at Don...
and I wonder...
what led him to this point?
Is the monster even real?
Or is Don lying?
Is this just one big joke?
Even if the monster
showed up now...
Don is sound asleep.
He almost looks dead.
Don?
- Don?
- I need to shit!
[Allen] I'm not sure
how much time has passed.
Don has disappeared.
I'm sitting...
No, that's stupid.
[sighs]
By the Woods.
Take eight.
I'm not sure
how much time has passed.
Don has disappeared.
I'm sitting here.
Not knowing what to do.
Still, no Eye.
[suspenseful music]
Don?
Don, your box is beeping.
[suspenseful music]
Nope. [exhaling]
Don?
[suspenseful music continues]
[flatly] Don?
Don?
♪
[Don exclaiming]
What?
[Don wheezing]
We got visitors, Allen.
I think they're here for Eye.
I ran off somebody
in a Hazmat suit
and he dropped
his walkie-talkie.
What?
I think this is bigger
than we thought!
How big are we talking?
Oh, we're talking big.
[man] We've
captured the last of 'em.
Is it all clear to leave, over.
[woman] Uh,
we have a problem over here.
I just ran into Berret,
and he is saying,
here, let me... let me hand
my walkie over to Berret,
he clearly doesn't have his,
just a second, okay?
[Berret] Uh, hey there.
We have a problem, over.
[man]
What's the problem, over?
[Berret] I was trying to
retrieve the tracking device
for number H78
and I ran into, uh...
A crazy man with his
pants down began chasing me.
[man] I'm sorry.
Come again, over.
[Berret] A man
with his pants down.
He came out of nowhere
and began chasing me.
I think he knows about
H78, over.
[woman]
I was scouting
and I saw a house
not too far away.
Maybe it belongs to him, over?
[man] Get back to the trailer.
We'll investigate, over.
- [Don] Shit!
- [woman] Copy that, over.
[both panting]
[suspenseful music]
[gears squealing]
[Allen panting]
Don?
Don, what's going on?
[Don] Gimme a second, Allen!
♪
Don, should
I be doing something?
[Don grunts]
[Allen panting]
Damn it, Don.
What the hell is going on?
[Don] This, Allen,
is what you paid
your admission to see.
So stop your bitchin'!
Uh...
Everything's all set.
Look here.
I've got every trap
from here to Timbuktu on
and ready to fire.
They're all sensor activated,
but I can also activate 'em by...
Wait.
Hold on, hold on.
You don't have a cell phone,
but you have this?
I never said
I wasn't tech savvy.
Everything I have has a purpose!
[Don vocalizing] Oh, yeah.
Like Jean would say,
"It is not
dress rehearsal anymore, Don.
It's show time, damn it!"
Minus the damn it part,
of course.
Don.
- I don't want to die.
- [Don shushing Allen]
Come on, you bastards.
Make the first move!
Come on!
[scoffing]
Allen, here.
In case we run into trouble,
you have this,
and that envelope I gave you
about things going south?
- Might want to keep that close.
- Don?
I don't want to do any of this.
[man] We know you're
in there, whoever you are.
Come out now and we can talk.
[Don chuckling]
[man] This is something
you think you understand,
but I can guarantee you
that you don't.
Just come out so we can talk.
[Don wheeze laughing]
Let's just talk to them.
This doesn't have
to be a battle.
You're right, Allen.
It doesn't.
All those sensors,
they're also voice activated.
- Don.
- [Don chuckling]
Stop this.
[Don chuckling]
[Don groaning]
So here I am.
Listen.
You got something I want.
It's that simple,
and you are not leaving here
till you hand it over.
Don!
This is stupid.
We have no clue
who these people are.
[man]
How much do you know?
[walkie bleeping]
I know this much,
you're trespassing
on my property
and you are
in possession of something
that I have been trying
to trap for some time.
[man]
Is that all?
I also know
that you are not leaving here
without handing it over,
and that's for damn sure.
Don!
[man] Is that a threat
I'm hearing in your tone?
[Don laughing]
I don't know if you noticed,
but I'm not carrying a gun.
Now, shouldn't you
be more worried?
I don't know,
maybe the thing
that I'm threatening you with
was meant to stop something
much bigger than you?
[suspenseful music]
Showtime front!
Show... God!
Shit!
Showtime front!
[suspenseful music]
Hey!
[Don yells]
I think...
I think it just might be
best if I go home now.
[loud thumping]
[Allen]
I've met some unique
and odd people doing this show.
But Don takes the cake.
He really is the craziest person
I've ever met.
There's no way any of you
are going to believe me
when I tell you
what I saw today. [chuckling]
It's like something
out of a science fiction movie.
There were these masked people,
almost like they work
in Area 51 or something,
and they were...
well, I don't know
what they were doing.
The truth is, I don't know
what I'm doing here.
I can't
tell what's a bigger mystery.
If the monster
is actually real...
or if Don...
is...
I just can't read Don.
I keep trying to find
meaning within Don's story,
but I just... I can't.
Maybe there's no meaning.
Maybe this whole thing...
is crazy...
random.
And nothing else.
As far as...
do I think the monster is real?
The answer is no.
I think in stories...
there's always more
than meets the eye.
In this case...
there's nothing more
to see here.
[Allen] You good, Don?
I'm good. [clearing throat]
Wonderful.
Never been better.
Don?
[Don] Let it be, Al.
Just let it be.
Everything was for nothing.
Did great.
Do you want to talk?
Don, do you want to talk?
[Don] What I would like
is for you to shut the fuck up.
I... struggle...
with staying in the moment.
Jean would remind me.
She'd say, "Come back."
When she saw me daydreaming.
She'd keep me grounded
when I'd wander.
When she died, everything that...
That... that kept me
grounded was gone.
It didn't matter
what things I had anymore.
I couldn't...
Oh, God.
There I go again, I...
I lost track
of where I was going.
I can tell you this, though.
The things that hurt the worst
are the ones
that you don't see coming.
- [Allen] I would like to add...
- No, I know... I know...
I know what I was going to say.
The boxes.
When Jean got sick,
she decided
to leave me these things
for me to find,
long after she left.
And I put 'em in these boxes.
And they'd...
bring me back to reality
when I'd wander,
which I often do.
Jean told me, she'd...
She left me 52 things.
One for each year
we were together.
I still haven't found
number 52. [laughs]
I see these boxes
scattered around,
and it's... it's kind of like
Jean is watching me.
Does that make me weird?
You're weird,
but that's not the reason.
[Don laughing softly & sniffing]
In fact, that's probably
the most normal thing
you've said since I met you.
Well, [sniffing]
Where do you think number 52 is?
Honestly, Allen,
I don't think there is a 52.
Jean's sense of humor.
[exhaling hard]
Are you good now, Don?
Yeah, I'm good.
Tomorrow I'll take you
back to your car.
Sounds good.
[metal box clanking]
I never did tell
you why I wanted
to kill Eye so bad, did I?
You said it was
because she ate your cattle.
[laughing] No.
I was going to get
rid of the cattle
and move away from here anyway.
Then why did you want to become
a monster hunter so bad?
Monster hunter...
never thought of myself
that way, but I'll take it.
No, the reason that I wanted
to kill Eye so bad...
Shit.
Has that been on the whole time?
[ominous music starts]
[screaming]
[Al panting]
Don.
Don, are you okay? [sniffing]
[rumbling sound]
[breathing heavily & grunting]
[struggling & crying out]
[screaming & panting]
[grunting & groaning]
[panting]
Okay, okay. [panting]
[operator]
911. What's your emergency?
Yes, yes. Yes, I...
[crying out]
[911 operator]
Excuse me, sir?
[groaning in pain]
[911 operator]
Did I just hear gunfire?
[Allen crying out]
[911 operator]
Sir, are you okay?
[Allen crying out]
[groaning in pain]
[911 operator]
What is your current location?
[Allen exhaling]
[Allen screaming]
- [911 operator] Hello?
- [Allen breathing heavily]
[grunting & manual breathing]
[911 operator] Sir,
what is your current location?
[grunting & screaming]
[whimpering]
[yelling]
[911 operator]
Sir, are you okay?
[breathing heavily & screaming]
[yelling]
Don! Don!
[struggling in pain]
[911 operator]
Sir, can you hear me?
[grunting in pain]
[911 operator]
Do you need help?
What is your current location?
Shit!
[gasping & screaming]
[grunting & groaning]
[panting]
[groaning]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[Allen] Okay, uh...
[chuckling softly]
What do I say?
I'm currently trapped
in a house
that is a... booby...
- [atmospheric music starts]
- Yeah.
I think Don broke something
when he got mad.
Now the house has gone rogue.
[Don]
If the shit hits the fan,
I wrote up a set of
guidelines for you to follow.
Wait, the envelope.
Don... Don left me a note,
for when things go south.
So you don't get
blown up and shit.
The note says, number one,
"Avoid every fridge."
The word "every" is underlined.
Number two,
"Avoid all gray tiles."
Number three, I quote,
"Truck will shoot at you
if you get too close
and the red light is on."
Number four,
"Some doors are fake."
Number five, "Do not let
Bladey get too close to you."
- "Not" underlined.
- [Don with Allen] " Six,
find the encore button
in the garage.
Bait and other shit
rigged to explode. Don."
[paper crinkling
& Allen panting]
Okay. Okay.
Okay, I'm going to cut
the bullshit.
I have no way
of getting out of here
because I have
no idea where I am.
So, where does that leave me?
I might not make it out of here.
So let me leave you
with some final thoughts.
Right now...
I'm terrified.
My actions have led me here.
And for what?
[radio cackling]
[man]
Hello?
Is anyone there?
[screaming]
[choking]
[coughing]
[man] If someone's there,
please pick up.
[panting & yelling]
[man] Anyone?
[struggling]
[man] I need to know
if anyone can hear me.
- Hello? Yes, I'm here.
- [man] Hello?
Good. Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
I need your help, I'm hurt...
I'm hurt really bad.
I actually need your help, too.
I'm stuck in a house that...
[man] No, listen.
You don't understand.
I... I... I'm currently
stuck in this truck.
And it's just me right now.
Everyone I'm with got eaten.
Eaten?
[man] It somehow got loose
and we couldn't contain it.
The latch on the trailer
must have been insecure.
Are you one of them,
those people from earlier?
[man][whimpering]
I don't want to die.
What is it?
[man] It can't be stopped.
No. No, no!
- Hello?
- [soft roaring over radio]
[man] No. No!
Hello?
- [roaring continues]
- [man screaming in anguish]
[objects clattering
& Allen grunting]
[grunting]
Okay.
I made it out of the house.
But, I don't think...
[grunting]
I'm out of harm's way yet.
If I can just...
[grunting] get to that truck...
without that light turning on...
I should be okay.
Otherwise, I'll be dead.
[grunting]
[low ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[crying out]
Okay. Okay.
New plan. [panting]
Don's envelope...
said something
about an encore button...
to find in the shed.
If I can just...
Oh, shit! Shit!
Oh, shit. Shit!
Shit, shit!
[screaming]
[crying out]
[ominous music continues]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[crying out]
[panting]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[door thudding open]
[grunting & panting]
[groaning]
[panting]
[screaming]
[breathing heavily]
[struggling]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
Okay, Don.
It's showtime, damn it!
[grunting]
Huh? [panting]
[Don from speaker] Game over,
you crazy-eyed son of a bitch!
[grunting & coughing]
[coughing continues]
[whimpering]
[crying out]
[coughing]
Oh, God. [screaming]
[grunting]
[struggling]
[door thuds]
[grunting]
[coughing]
[screaming]
[Allen screaming]
[breathing heavily]
Well, folks.
I don't think
there's a way out of here.
[coughing]
Why am I here?
You may be asking yourself.
"How lame is this?"
This was supposed to be
a story about...
About a man hunting a monster.
Instead,
I'm going to die
in the escape room
from hell. [chuckling]
[grunting]
[indistinct]
What's the point?
[coughing & breathing heavily]
[ominous music playing]
[moaning in fear]
No, no. Please.
Please.
No!
[whimpering]
[paper scraping]
[paper crinkling]
[inhaling]
[Jean]
Keep moving forward, Don.
Life is crazy.
But so am I, for you.
Stay crazy for me.
Love always, Jean.
[paper crinkling]
[door creaking open]
[objects tinkling softly]
[panting & groaning]
[Don] Six, find the
encore button in the garage.
Bait and the other shit,
rigged to explode.
[Allen panting]
Shit.
Shit!
[groaning]
[objects tinkling]
[eerie music playing]
[faint clattering]
[music intensifies]
[clearing throat]
Ugh. Gross.
[whimpering]
How do I even...
begin...
to describe what just happened?
[Allen grunting]
[ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[birds chirping]
[Allen grunting]
[exhaling]
[car door slamming]
[glove compartment clanks open]
[somber music starts]
[music continues]
Bye, Don.
♪
[music fades]
I'm confused.
We're having a hard time
following your story.
You said that you were
interviewing Mr. Thomas
for a podcast.
What about?
I don't know anymore.
[atmospheric music starts]
[music continues]
[Kim] I have no idea
where Allen went.
It's like he fell off
the face of the earth.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, hold on one second.
Oh, my God.
[Don] Still
haven't found number 52.
I see these boxes
scattered around.
It's kind of like
Jean is watching me.
The second thing
you need to know
is that this entire place
is booby trapped.
[Kim] They loved
your story, Allen.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
I loved your story.
It's got so much heart
and suspense.
It's a survival story,
people love that.
It's got a bit of everything,
doesn't it?
Yeah.
It was a bitch to get.
Yeah, I bet.
So listen, APR wants you back.
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, what about the lawsuit?
I have a meeting
with the board of directors
at APR in the morning,
but word is that the case
is not going anywhere.
[Allen sighing]
They really
want you back, Allen.
They did have one note
for the story.
What?
We never see the monster.
And? It's a podcast.
I know that, but...
maybe we do, like,
a video and get somebody
to animate your story.
I just... I feel like people
are going to be disappointed
if they don't get
an image of the monster.
I mean, you did see it, right?
I mean, the focus
of the story is Don, isn't it?
Does the monster even matter?
[laughs] Yes, Allen, it does.
Of course it matters,
it's a monster story.
You can't have a monster story
without a monster.
Let me think about it.
- I'll get back to you.
- Awesome.
Welcome back, Allen.
Can't wait to see what
your next story's gonna be.
Hey. Also, I'm curious,
this monster
with all the eyes...
do you think there's more
in the woods near Don's house?
For Don's sake,
I really hope so.
[chuckles softly]
[upbeat electronic a starts]
[announcer] This is U.S. Sane.
Whenever you're ready.
I'm not ready.
I have an amazing
story, but I'm not...
ready to tell it.
[inhaling]
Life is complicated.
People... people are complicated.
You don't need a podcast host
to tell you that.
People are always
trying to find...
a meaning
in life's complications.
Even when that meaning is...
Even when that meaning
makes no sense.
Sometimes crazy things happen.
And they add up,
and they add up,
and add up, and the meaning...
is nothing.
That's okay,
because eventually the meaning
will rise to the surface.
Maybe not in a clear,
decoded way,
but it will.
In the meantime...
let me tell you
the important facts,
and together
we'll find the story.
Let me begin...
with a free-spirited...
and unpredictable man
named Don Thomas...
and...
his wife Jean.
Who kept him grounded.
♪